README.md, before:

# Decoupled Drupal with GraphQL and React

## Prerequisites

- AmazeeIO (http://docs.amazee.io)
- Composer (http://getcomposer.org)
- Yarn (http://yarnpkg.com)
- Node (http://nodejs.org)

## Usage

First, you need to clone this repository.

```
git clone git@github.com:fubhy/drupal-decoupled-app
```

Then, you need to install the dependencies.

```
cd backend && composer install
cd frontend && yarn install
```

Then, you need to boot the backend container.

```
docker-compose up -d
docker-compose exec --user drupal drupal bash
```

Once connected to the container, you can now install Drupal.

```
drush si -y
```

We do not provide any exported config yet and simply install the standard profile. Therefore, you need to manually enable the GraphQL module.

```
drush en graphql graphql_demo
```

Now, you only need to configure the right permission.

```
Navigate to http://decoupled.backend.docker.amazee.io/admin/people/permissions
Allow anonymous users to execute GraphQL queries.
```

Now you can create some content (basic page or article) and run the frontend application.

```
yarn run dev
```

If you navigate to the path of the node you just created, you should see its title.

```
http://localhost:3000/node/1
```


### Development mode

```
yarn run dev
```

### Production mode

```
yarn run build && yarn run start
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license, Copyright (c) 2016 Sebastian Siemssen. For more information see LICENSE.md.

Commit message:

More info in README.md, added user/pass to drush si so users know the admin credentials. (#379)

README.md, after:

# Decoupled Drupal with GraphQL and React

## Prerequisites

- AmazeeIO (http://docs.amazee.io)
- Composer (http://getcomposer.org)
- Yarn (http://yarnpkg.com)
- Node (http://nodejs.org)

## Usage

First, you need to clone this repository.

```
git clone git@github.com:fubhy/drupal-decoupled-app
```

Then, you need to install the dependencies.

```
cd backend && composer install
cd frontend && yarn install
```

Then, you need to boot the backend container.

```
docker-compose up -d
docker-compose exec --user drupal drupal bash
```

Once connected to the container, you can now install Drupal.

```
drush si -y --account-name=admin --account-pass=admin
```

We do not provide any exported config yet and simply install the standard profile. Therefore, you need to manually enable the GraphQL module.

```
drush en graphql graphql_demo
```

Now, you only need to configure the right permission:
- Login with user "admin" and password "admin" on [http://decoupled.backend.docker.amazee.io](http://decoupled.backend.docker.amazee.io/user/login)
- Navigate to [/admin/people/permissions](http://decoupled.backend.docker.amazee.io/admin/people/permissions)
- Allow anonymous users to execute GraphQL queries.


Now you can create some content (basic page or article) and run the frontend application.

```
yarn run dev
```

If you navigate to the path of the node you just created, you should see its title.

```
http://localhost:3000/node/1
```


### Development mode

```
yarn run dev
```

### Production mode

```
yarn run build && yarn run start
```

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license, Copyright (c) 2016 Sebastian Siemssen. For more information see LICENSE.md.
